 MOHITH REDDY N
Account No.   0145255075
 Account Statement   10 Dec 2025 - 10 Mar 2026
Important Information
 RBI mandates Positive Pay for high-value cheques from Jan 1, 2021. Customers must submit cheque details via Net/Mobile Banking or at the branch on
the day of issuance or before handing it to the beneficiary. For more details, visit www.kotak.bank.in.
 From October 4, 2025, same-day cheque clearing will be implemented across all banks. Cheques will be credited or debited within a few hours of
issuance.
 Complimentary insurance cover on Kotak Debit Cards (linked to Saving and Current accounts) will be discontinued w.e.f. July 20, 2025. All claims will be
accepted until July 20, 2025, as per the existing process. Salary account holders may view their insurance covers under Debit Card Services in the Cards
& FASTag section on the web portal. For any queries related to Debit Card insurance, write to dc.insurance@kotak.com or visit
https://www.kotak.bank.in/en/personal-banking /cards/debit-cards/debit-card-services/insurnace-on-debit-card.html
 In order to avail TDS exemption (if eligible) on existing/new Fixed Deposits for the Financial Year 2023–24, fresh Form 15G (15H for senior citizens) must
be submitted by furnishing the details of all Fixed Deposits held, at the earliest. Form 15G/15H can now be submitted conveniently through Net Banking
as well. From FY 2019–20, the TDS exemption threshold is increased to Rs. 50,000 (Rs. 1,00,000 for senior citizens); hence, filing of 15G/15H is not
required up to Rs. 50,000 (Rs. 1,00,000 for senior citizens) of the aggregate interest earned on bank deposits in a financial year. Please ignore this
message if already submitted.
 RBI guidelines on unauthorised foreign exchange transactions dated April 24, 2024, state that unauthorised entities offering foreign exchange (forex)
trading facilities to Indian residents with promises of disproportionate/exorbitant returns are providing options to remit/deposit funds in Rupees for
undertaking unauthorised forex transactions using various digital channels. Refer to the 'Alert List' containing names of such entities (this list is
indicative and not exhaustive). Vigilance and caution are advised. Liaison must be with 'Authorised Persons' and on 'Authorised ETPs' for
processing/routing any forex transaction
 As per the RBI Master Direction for Credit and Debit Card Issuance (RBI/2022-23/92 DoR.AUT.REC. No.27/24.01.041/2022-23), issuance of debit cards on
Overdraft accounts is not permissible.
 RBI, vide its circular DOR.CRE.REC.23/21.08.008/2022-23 dated April 19, 2022, has issued guidelines pertaining to the opening and maintenance of
Current Account(s) of customers who have availed various credit facilities from the banking system. The term "banking system" refers to Scheduled
Commercial Banks and Payments Banks. Banks (whether lending banks or otherwise) are required to monitor all Current Account, Overdraft, and Cash
Credit accounts on a regular basis, at least on a half-yearly frequency. This monitoring must specifically consider the aggregate exposure of the banking
system to the borrower vis-à-vis the individual bank's share in that exposure, in order to ensure compliance with the said instructions. Detailed
guidelines are available in the aforementioned circular.
 Corporate Salary Account holders can view complete details of the General Schedule of Features and Charges (GSFC) related to balance maintenance,
debit card usage, transactions, and more by visiting: https://www.kotak.bank.in/en/personal-banking/accounts/savings-account/saving-accounts-fees-
and-charges.html
 The Crème Programme will be discontinued effective 1st December, 2025 and its associated benefits including the Lifetime Zero Charge Promise and
early access to the Privy Programme will be withdrawn.
 Starting December 2025, you will receive 30 free SMS alerts per month for transaction updates. To avoid charges beyond this limit, please maintain a
combined balance of ₹10,000 across your Savings and Term Deposits, or ensure regular salary credits in your salary account. If these conditions are not
met, a nominal fee of ₹0.15 per SMS will apply for transaction alerts such as UPI, NEFT, ATM withdrawals, Debit Card usage, and similar activities.
Messages related to KYC and promotional offers will continue to be free of charge. For more details, please visit
https://www.kotak.bank.in/en/gsfc.html.
 Deposits of up to ₹5,00,000 per depositor are fully insured by the Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation, under the Deposit Insurance
Scheme.
 Goods and Services Tax (GST), at the applicable rate of 18%, is levied on relevant service charges.
 Please note: This statement/ advice should not be construed as a Tax Invoice under the Goods and Services Tax Act.
 Commonly Used Narrations
 AP - Autopay for Billpay   Netcard - Netc@rd transaction
ATL - ATM withdrawal done from other bank ATM machine   OS - Online Shopping transaction
ATW - ATM withdrawal done from Kotak ATM machine   OT - Online Trading transaction via Payment Gateway
BP - Bill Pay transaction   PB - Transaction done through Phone Banking (IVR)
CDM - Kotak Cash Deposit Machine   PCI/PCD - POS transaction
CMS - Cash Management Service   RTGS - Real Time Gross Settlement
IB - Transaction done on Kotak Net Banking   UPI - Unified Payment Interface
IMPS - Immediate Payment Service   VISACCPAY - Visa Credit Card Payment
IMT - Instant Money Transfer   VMT - VISA Money Transfer
 Statement Generated on 10 Mar 2026, 10:38   Page 5 of 6